Design Diary for Milestone 1 2d Card Game in Unity 2D

I liked doing this assignment since it is the second time I have used Unity and it is not all that difficult to 
understand on how it’s intended to work especially, since as the author of the video that we used 
mentions that unity has many options available to get the same things done. Although I say that it was 
not all that difficult, for me personally I still have much to learn when it comes down to it. I have worked 
with 3d object-oriented programs already but the ones that I learned used Java whereas here for Unity 
we are using C#. Luckily, I feel that they are not all that different in terms of their overall usage to code a 
program. There are differences but I am happy to be able to learn a new programming language at the 
same time as learning to use and interact with a video game development tool. The main things that I 
had some difficulty with was setting up git on my local computer and figuring out how to push, pull, and 
commit my work to the repository that I created and making sure that my work was saved correct. I had 
never used it before but after learning how to use it, I can see why it is used as a useful tool to save my 
projects and coding onto a platform that I can share with others and also have saved somewhere else 
other than my own computer. One issue that I kept having was that when I was writing the scripts for 
some of the game objects, I ran into compiler issues which I eventually figured out by overlooking my 
entire code and finding simple syntax errors which I simply need to brush up on to make sure that my 
syntax is good. Some advice that I would give to others when making this project is to check your syntax 
and debug your code, making sure that it follows the video tutorials instructions. I would also suggest 
trying to remember the reasons for why doing something works like adding certain components to your 
game objects and probably take notes on the process. One aspect of the project that I liked was how the 
tutorial used prefabs and separate folders for your coding that you could easily duplicate and use again 
which is something I like overall about programming and it is a good skill that I’m glad was brought up here.
